Fixes a fatal error in 8.0.0 caused by passing the incorrect amount of args to `woocommerce_cart_item_name` filter (#784)
Automattic/woocommerce-subscriptions-core: changelog.txt

*** WooCommerce Subscriptions Core Changelog ***

= 8.0.1 - 2025-xx-xx =

> * Fix: Revert a fix released in 8.0.0 which attempted to display HTML in product names within the cart/checkout shipping package section.

Author: ```suggestion
* Fix - Revert a change released in 7.2.0 which triggered the "woocommerce_cart_item_name" filter with the wrong number of parameters.
```
